=head1 NAME

CallBackery::Index - Appliance Frontend Builder Documentation Index

=head1 ADMIN DOCUMENTAION

AFB is a plugin based system. Configuration Plugins
are implemented by sub-classing L<CallBackery::Plugin>, L<CallBackery::PluginForm>, L<CallBackery::PluginTable>.

=head1 TECH DOCUMENTATION

The AFB backend is written in perl, using the the L<Mojolicious>. See
L<Mojolicious::Guides> for details.

=over

=item *

L<AFB> - the mojo application starting point

=item * 

L<CallBackery::Config> - the configuration object

=item * 

L<CallBackery::Cfg> - the configuration Syntax

=item * 

L<CallBackery::RpcService> - the json rpc api

=item *

L<CallBackery::Plugin> - the plugin base class

=item *

L<CallBackery::PluginFrom> - the plugin base class

=item *

L<CallBackery::PluginTable> - the plugin base class

=back

=cut

=head1 LICENSE

This program is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify
it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
the Free Software Foundation; either version 3 of the License, or   
(at your option) any later version.

This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the  
GNU General Public License for more details.

You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
along with this program; if not, write to the Free Software
Foundation, Inc., 675 Mass Ave, Cambridge, MA 02139, USA.

=head1 COPYRIGHT

Copyright (c) 2013 by OETIKER+PARTNER AG. All rights reserved.

=head1 AUTHOR

S<Tobias Oetiker E<lt>tobi@oetiker.chE<gt>>

=head1 HISTORY

 2013-0312-16 to 1.0 first version

=cut



